now if you're looking for a dietary
solution that's easy to follow it
doesn't involve calorie Control dieting
or following extravagant dietary recipes
we have a simple solution for you we're
talking today with joe from paleo diet
australia calm today you and he's going
to talk us through the Paleolithic diet
or paleo for short thanks for joining us
Joe thank you tell me Mommy what is the
Paleo Diet the Paleo diet is based on
the way our cavemen used to eat or
ancestors it mainly consists of animal
and plant foods so how does it help you
lose weight the main focus the Paleo
diet is it focuses on nutritional food
so it's got its high healthy fat content
high protein content and obviously
nutritional vegetables that keeps you
full for longer and in turn will have
less calorie intake so other than diet
Rabinowitz what are some of the health
benefits health benefits a paleo
research has shown that it may prevent
type 2 diabetes also China it may
prevent cardiovascular disease as well
because if it's high essential fatty
acid content great for energy levels you
have sustained energy throughout the
whole day and it's also been shown to
help males improve their sex drive as
well ok so we've got some raw food in
front of us here can you talk us through
what we've got here ok well we can start
off with breakfast breakfast you've got
your choice of some beautiful berries
the main reason we choose barriers is
they're high in antioxidants and they're
low carbohydrate content as well you've
also got your eggs essential fatty acids
once again and it's got a lot of good
cholesterol and therefore you like
spinach avocado is fantastic great for
your hearts got vitamin any essential
fatty acids on there and moving away
from breakfast you've got some snacks
we've got some nuts which are fantastic
for a snack macadamia nut should be the
first choice full of monounsaturated
fatty acids which are gratefully great
for your heart moving away from there
you've got your meats for your lunch or
dinner chicken high in protein you got
your red meat porterhouse steak go
organic when you can it's got iron in
their protein and once again fat as well
which will keep you full for longer
salmon is great for your Central fatty
acids once again Omega threes then
you've got your oils olive oils
fantastic for your salads and then
coconut oil you would cook with because
it's the only oil that doesn't change
its chemical structure once it's heated
so it's a safest order to cook with as
well okay well if you want some more
information on the Paleo diet or some
fantastic recipes and check out Joe's
website thanks so much for joining us
today Joe